Explanation from today
Unless you kill me
Otherwise, I will kill you Lin Xi
Why did you get out?
I walked out.
When did you go out, ma'am?
Are you questioning me?
Wei Xiaonian
Not when I can't even leave my house
Am I going out
Do you still want to ask for instructions?
Madam, you misunderstood me.
Okay, this time I misunderstood you.
But you have to pay attention to your identity
Don't think you've been in this house for too long
You have the right to speak
Madam, I was really anxious just now.
But I care about you, too.
Don't talk so much
Madam said so
You should pay attention to your attitude in the future
Sir?
Will get sick
Close it up
Are you disobedient?
And still wearing so thin
Go out later
You must tell your husband, okay?
husband
It's time we found a kindergarten for Nini
Ah other
Find another cook who can cook
After all, the workload at home is too heavy.
I'm afraid that Sister Xiaoyan will be too busy by herself.